If Huacan Group really gives you a chance
Why are you wearing waiter clothes?
Shame in public?
How dare you insult me
I'm just trying to set you straight.
Stop kidding yourself
Hmph, don't say you can't see Huacan Group Lulu
Even if the status quo, I can tell you tomorrow
There won't be any
You don't have to curse the general here
Be a waiter here
It is the test given to us by Huacan Group
Perhaps Mr. Lu of Huacan Group
Where are you watching us being bullied by you now?
Exactly.
Wait until Mr. Lu sees your ugly face
We don't have to tell you.
He will naturally believe in our Zhang family
Instead, you slander
We must be severely punished behind our backs
If you lose it, go now.
We can let go of the past love.
Otherwise, you will be kicked out
You just wait to be humiliated in public
It's you who are ashamed